Clarify release notes re: aggregation plugins (#20014)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

By default, Gradle produces a separate HTML test report for every test task in each project. Previously, it was difficult to combine those reports across multiple projects in a safe and convenient way.

This release adds the new [`test-report-aggregation`](userguide/test_report_aggregation_plugin.html) plugin to make it easy to aggregate test results from multiple projects into a single HTML report.
This plugin uses test suites registered with the [`jvm-test-suite`](userguide/jvm_test_suite_plugin.html) plugin as the basis for this aggregation.

> This plugin will cause Gradle to examine a Java project's direct and transitive `implementation` dependencies, and group test suites found in any dependent Gradle projects with same the [test suite type](https://docs.gradle.org/current/dsl/org.gradle.api.plugins.jvm.JvmTestSuite.html#org.gradle.api.plugins.jvm.JvmTestSuite:testType) together.
> Gradle will then create a test report for each of these groups.  By default, the only group that exists is the built-in unit test group; if no other suites are configured, a single report will be generated which will include the results of all of the tests in a Gradle build.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this plugin is applied to a Java project, Gradle will automatically create an aggregated test report for each test suite. By default, only the built-in test suite is defined. If no other suites are configured, a single report will be generated.

Gradle looks at the project's direct and transitive `runtimeClasspath` project dependencies and selects the test suite with the same [test suite type](dsl/org.gradle.api.plugins.jvm.JvmTestSuite.html#org.gradle.api.plugins.jvm.JvmTestSuite:testType) from those projects for each aggregated report. If a project does not have a matching test suite, it's ignored. 
```
